Update create-custom-management-scope.md (#2658)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/security-and-compliance/in-place-ediscovery/create-custom-management-scope.md

```PowerShell
Add-DistributionGroupMember -Identity "Ottawa Users" -Member "Ottawa Users eDiscovery Managers"
```
> [!NOTE]

> For Exchange onprem the discovery managers will have to be added directly to the distribution group used to create the management scope. Nested groups will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Exchange on-premises, the discovery managers will have to be added directly to the distribution group used to create the management scope. Nested groups will not work.
```
